hello everyone its Elena and I'm back
with another video and today we're going
to be reacting to the Cambridge law
faculty page it's basically a page where
Cambridge law students can anonymously
share any thoughts reflections that they
have on their degree their studies their
teachers or really anything else there
is also some tea about me on there so
yeah let's get into it I just want to
say I find the page really entertaining
and actuated
my kid I love their profile picture
which is from Legally Blonde and they
just made our faculty chair the dog and
I don't know why but it really works
with the face of photographer some
reason um so yeah I think the page is
great um so let's take a look at their
posts we love a good uplifting family
low examiner's reports the examiners
concerns the question aid might be too
easy were unfortunately a led by the
disappointed performance of many
candidates
I actually know who wrote this because
the examiner talked to me about this and
he told me yeah you know I was really
worried this question is gonna be like
way too easy but like students prove me
wrong after like reading to student
answers so yeah it's always good to know
that our teachers think we're much
smarter than we actually are
I really hate lawyers except my friends
I love you now I hate you guys too
just like less than the rest if only a
certain lecture I gave a about
being a good lecturer as much as he does
about brexit it is true that this
lecturer does talk a lot about why he
hates brexit in his lectures but on the
other hand he really cares about his
students I had him as a lecturer and
supervisor this year and he always
replied to my emails super quickly and
answered my questions in a lot of detail
so honestly I can't complain about him
throwback to lassi and taught when the
lecturer called out that girl for
knitting during the lecture still think
about that a lot why was she knitting
what the chien it did the lecturer
secretly approve that was an iconic
moment I was in that lecture
it wasn't taught law and somebody was
literally knitting in the lecture like I
don't know why I don't know how I feel
like everybody in that lecture hall was
missing the context except for the
person
ting because why would you knit in the
lecture I don't know but it's an iconic
move we read this page your supervisors
I'm so worried that the supervisors are
actually the admins because the admins
are anonymous and like there are certain
supervisors and lecturers where I feel
like they could pull it off to like make
this page and night they're just
laughing at home about us complaining
about them I don't know it sounds like
something some supervisors might do just
for fun can anyone confirm River a
certain lecturer did actually throw a
shoe or whatever it was at someone want
to know who it was and what they did or
was just an urban legend what I have
never heard of this but somebody in the
comment section said that it was a
statue book and that they can confirm it
on good authority I did not know that I
don't know why I lecture through
something at a student um but I feel
like that is one of these like iconic
moments like the missing um occasionally
crazy things happen at Cambridge I don't
know um but they become legends can
someone take one for the team and after
loss back when they're giving us our
results and someone replied and was like
imagine one and she know your results
yeah relatable what an opening line okay
so this is a case um and the first line
if the judgment is the appellant is a
left answer I mean that is an opener I'm
stressing so much right now that they
should call me Lord panic I really like
this one from an international viewers
in the UK when you become a judge um you
start to get like a certain title like
by which people have to address you and
instead court you're then called Lord if
you're going um so that's why Lord panic
um I think it's a good joke for exams
even I want to have sex with the
occupiers liability act please don't
that sounds very wrong who else felt
reasonably confident with their answers
when they submitted them but now sees
that their conclusions were incredibly
stupid and reckless me me opening the
land paper searching for a nice adverse
possession problem question that always
comes up yeah I was looking for a
question too because I was really
banking on
that question because adverse possession
that is my topic okay it's my baby gotta
admit I'm really raiding naming my
future kins Alice and Bob was after a
year civil law yeah um the thing is um
civil law a lot of people think it's
like I don't know like you know civil
laws you think of in like the European
jurisdictions
that's not civil law civil law is Roman
law so very old lon
so in the problem questions you get very
old names but please don't name your
kids Ellis and bubbles I don't think
they'd appreciate it who bought him try
post last year try post is just the
degree you need to know who my true role
models are okay so in Cambridge you get
ranked um so you can know who was lost
so who button try pause um to be fair I
think probably I bottom to try pause
because I didn't even get ranked I just
passed the exam because I didn't sit it
with everyone else
I had a big mental health problem so I
took a bit of time off and then I set
knee exam at the beginning of the year
and but then you don't get ranked um so
yeah hi I'm your role model yeah sex is
great but has your supervisor ever
complimented your legal mind no but now
I want that to a certain criminal
lecturers husband we don't know how to
contact you but it's important don't
need to curry I wasn't in his lecture
but I think I know what is going on
basically in criminal law lecturers love
imagining killing off their own family
for some reason like they always give
you these examples of so if i poisoned
the soup and then I had someone else
bring it to my wife would that someone
else then also be a murderer
if the peasant died from it and stuff
like that you you just sit there you're
like are you like just like imagining
murdering everybody in your family
casually everyday um but yeah um that's
kind of what happens I don't know like
criminal law lectures they they
sometimes do make you question whoever
did you really love their family but so
far we haven't heard that any of them
were ever suspects in a murder case so I
think we're good the closest I'll ever
get to fame was being on Elaina Hinrichs
blog at the mob all you're welcome
and now we're going to get into the T
about muah so some of you wrote
there's a certain youtuber who's showing
off branded goods such as LV and
Burberry coats while unintentional I
feel that this can perpetuate the
impression that Cambridge is for the
rich and posh marginalizing others are
making him feel out of place I
understand where the person was coming
from though I think they watched one
video and then not another one because
I've put it into context lots of times
in my channel that I'm actually from a
single-parent household I have two
scholarships and I worked a lot of often
really crappy jobs just to you know pay
for things like Louis Vuitton bag or a
secondhand Burberry coat because I like
expensive stuff and I don't think
there's anything wrong with that because
I'm just somebody who works hard and
then I get to spend my hard-earned money
however I want so yeah you know when you
call someone out make sure you have done
in your research on this person but just
one thing I want to say is I'm
incredibly incredibly grateful for the
comments under this post because people
didn't like join into this criticism
which was clearly not well researched
but instead people actually defended me
but stay very very civil about
everything and I'm incredibly grateful
for that because when somebody posts
something online about you and it's
public this can go really badly for you
if other people chime in and yeah it's
it's an unnecessary stress that this
possibility exists during exam season
somebody else put this out there on
faculty this became like a conversation
but I'm glad that somebody said this
because exam season is really not the
point in time where you need extra
stress um but yeah I'm incredibly
grateful for all the people who then
supported me in the comment section and
who also just reach out to me personally
because that was a point when I saw that
where I was like oh my god like what if
everybody kind of starts hating me now
or if they all secretly always did and I
just didn't know that um that didn't
happen and yeah I'm really grateful for
all the people who reached out to me in
the situation thank you so much if you
were one of these people and there's one
last thing I want to say about this
because it's something I hadn't really
realized when I responded to to comment
but somebody else pointed this out
leader in a never faculty submission
which is even if I was rich and posh
it's okay
my experience is valid at Cambridge and
your experience of the cameras student
is valid whether or not you're rich and
posh because you don't have control over
whether your family is wealthy or not
and it's absolutely okay if your family
is wealthy as long as you don't tell
people on your channel that people whose
family isn't wealthy can't make it to
Cambridge so I think yeah the person's
absolutely right
Cambridge is a place where we aim for a
diverse student ship that is not a word
I think um but basically we want
students from all backgrounds and it's
okay if you are from a rich background
and yet those are all the faculty
submissions that we're gonna take a look
at today I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and if you guys would like to
check out the faculty page then I'm
gonna link it in the info box below for
you guys and yeah thank you so much for
watching this video have a nice day bye
you